Yo
They're all here, oops, Wang Shou
What rare wind brought you here?
bankruptcy
Brother Wang drinks tea
The matter of hitting you has nothing to do with our Xiao family.
But we brought the culprit
At your disposal
Acting again
It seems that he hasn't been beaten enough yet.
What are you doing?
I brought my own two top bodyguards
Let's not even think about it.
What do you want?
Do nothing
It's just a movable wrist.
Fang Chen, don't make trouble today
If you don't kneel down and apologize to me today
Don't say Shenghe Group list
The entire Longhai City
No one dares to do business with you
Kneel down for Wang Shao
Do you want to implicate our Xiao family to perish together?
Hey, isn't it Shenghe Group?
In a word, I will give you Shenghe Group now.
Hahahaha
Sister Yuan, the man you are looking for is quite good at pretending
Hahaha
You immediately send the transfer letter of Shenghe Group
Send it to Xiao's house
kid
This transfer letter is that you can come down after two more acts
Hahaha, don't be familiar with this kind of person.
I guess I don't even know what Heavenly Soul Hall is
Your Majesty, I will kneel for you
Don't kneel
Grandpa look
Greetings, sir
Sir, I want the book delivered